With all the things we learned about buttons last grade and how we can use different gestures and our
own components it's time for an Auburn assignment to practice those things.
This is a little super super mini app.
I want you to build.
Now what does this app do.
It does have a heading and a text which instructs us to tap twice and press four times down here are
the tap and pressing areas.
Now I also got a little list where is simply track how often we tap and press those areas and then I
get a couple of buttons to even reset all or just the taps or chest presses.
Now that allows me to tap tap and press and press down there and as soon as I fullfil or I get this
code right so I tap twice and press four times this which is to you one.
And of course we can then reset to start over.
And if my entry is something wrong here.
Then we don't get you one.
So now we're there again.
This is the little assignment but it uses a lot of the things where all of the things you saw before.
I've structured this whole content in a grid year with rows and columns.
I use a list with full list items though that's of course the very simplest I do is a couple of buttons
which are a bit smaller than the normal buttons if I'm not mistaken.
And I also have listeners for tapping and pressing here also I placed all those buttons in a separate
component which I included which also emits an event to which I can listen so that I can handle the
resetting of taps or presses in the main component in the page here.
So one of the things you learn before are covered in this incitement.
And additionally you will need to remember something you know from good old plain vanilla angler to
how to get the event from a subcomponent D component holding the reset button is here to the parent
component the page component here.
There is no single way to solve this.
I wish you good luck solving this in the next video you will see my approach to solving this.
And of course that will then only be one alternative but hopefully one which shows you a solution which
makes sense for you.
So I'll see you there.